docs:#816 fix retention.local.target.bytes and retention.local.target.ms (#819)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/reference/pages/rpk/rpk-cluster/rpk-cluster-storage-status-mount.adoc

= rpk cluster storage status-mount

> Status of mount/unmount operation on topic to Redpanda cluster from glossterm:tiered-storage[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Status of mount/unmount operation on topic in a Redpanda cluster from glossterm:tiered-storage[].
```
